README.md, before:

at11
==========

Web application displaying daily menus of favorite restaurants at Patrónka, Bratislava.

Live application is running at [https://patronka.herokuapp.com/](https://patronka.herokuapp.com/).

Installation instructions:
---

This is a [Node.js](http://nodejs.org). powered application, so first you need to have Node.js up and running. You can get node.js installers [from here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).
1. Download sources as zip or with git:
git clone -b patronka_parsers https://github.com/daddy32/at11.git
2. Change into directory with sources `cd path/to/sources`.
3. Execute `npm install`. This might take a while as all required dependecies need to be downloaded.
4. After successful installation execute `npm start`. This will prompt a few messages, last of them being `Done, listening on http://:::17606` and hang.
5. Navigate your browser to [http://localhost:17606](http://localhost:17606) and you should see today's menus.
6. You can execute `npm test` to run the tests.

Currently supported restaurants:
---

* City Cantina Westend Square
* City Cantina Westend Gate
* Svadby a Kari
* Patrónsky pivovar
* Jedáleň SAV (Doma)
* Canteen Priatelia
* Veg life

Fork of at11 by Erni.

Original readme:
--

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ERNICommunity/at11.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ERNICommunity/at11)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ERNICommunity/at11.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ERNICommunity/at11)


Simple web application that fetches daily lunch menus from popular restaurants near [ERNI Slovakia office](http://erni.sk).

Live application is running at [http://at11.azurewebsites.net/](http://at11.azurewebsites.net/).

Commit message:

Total rebuild
update from upstream, rebuilding parsers

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/jannescivera/at11/_apis/build/status/ERNICommunity.at11?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/jannescivera/at11/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=master)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/ERNICommunity/at11.svg)](https://david-dm.org/ERNICommunity/at11)

at11
==========

Web application displaying daily menus of favorite restaurants at Patrónka, Bratislava.

Live application is running at [https://patronka.herokuapp.com/](https://patronka.herokuapp.com/).


Fork of at11 by Erni.

Original readme:
--

Simple web application that fetches daily lunch menus from popular restaurants near [ERNI Slovakia office](http://erni.sk).

Live application is running at [http://at11.azurewebsites.net/](http://at11.azurewebsites.net/).


Developer's installation instructions
---

This is a [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) powered application writen it [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org), so first you need to have Node.js up and running.

1. Get the source code by either [downloading a zip](https://github.com/at11/at11/archive/master.zip) or cloning this repo.
1. Change into directory with extracted/cloned sources `cd path/to/sources`.
1. Execute `npm install`. This might take a moment as all required dependecies need to be downloaded.
1. Execute `npm run build` to transpile typescript into javascript.
1. Execute `npm start`. This will prompt a few messages, last of them being `Done, listening on http://:::54321` and hang.
1. Navigate your browser to [http://localhost:54321](http://localhost:54321) and you should see today's menus.
1. You can execute `npm test` to run the tests and linter.

P.S.: [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) settings are included in the repo, so if you use it, you are all set up (including debugging). You need to do only first 3 steps, then launch VS Code in that directory (`code .`), hit *F5*, lean back and relax...

Contributing
---
Feel free to [fork the repo](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo), make improvements and create a pull request.
